README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter">
    <img alt="Gatsby" src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/Gatsby-Monogram.svg" width="60" />
  </a>
</p>
<h1 align="center">
  Gatsby minimal starter
</h1>

## 🚀 Quick start

1.  **Create a Gatsby site.**

    Use the Gatsby CLI to create a new site, specifying the minimal starter.

    ```shell
    # create a new Gatsby site using the minimal starter
    npm init gatsby
    ```

2.  **Start developing.**

    Navigate into your new site’s directory and start it up.

    ```shell
    cd my-gatsby-site/
    npm run develop
    ```

3.  **Open the code and start customizing!**

    Your site is now running at http://localhost:8000!

    Edit `src/pages/index.js` to see your site update in real-time!

4.  **Learn more**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

## 🚀 Quick start (Gatsby Cloud)

Deploy this starter with one click on [Gatsby Cloud](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/cloud/):

[<img src="https://www.gatsbyjs.com/deploynow.svg" alt="Deploy to Gatsby Cloud">](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/dashboard/deploynow?url=https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby-starter-minimal)

Commit message:

updated readme, gatsby config for ghpages

README.md, after:



## 🚀 Quick start

1. Clone the Repository and "cd" into it
2. run npm install to install all of the required packages to develop a react/gatsby site. These pacakges are listed in the package.json file
```shell
npm install
```

2.  **Start developing.**
    Start the development server with live reload by running:
    ```shell
    npm run develop
    ```

3.  **Open the code and start customizing!**

    Your dev server is now running at http://localhost:8000!

    Edit any `.js` file and see them updated live in your browser

4.  **Learn more - Gatsby**

    - [Documentation](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Tutorials](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Guides](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [API Reference](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/api-reference/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Plugin Library](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/plugins?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

    - [Cheat Sheet](https://www.gatsbyjs.com/docs/cheat-sheet/?utm_source=starter&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=minimal-starter)

5.  **Learn more - React**
https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html
6.  **Learn more - p5**
https://p5js.org/


# See the live site [here](https://ofekperes.github.io/controls-visualization/)
